原贴：
BIG Concern about I-1000

Rebecca Hui, Rockwood3

Last weekend Washington State passed I-1000 very fast. As my friends saw in person, they hired someone to collect signatures around UW campus. The guy said he was given one signature for one dollar. So the guy was working very hard by telling people that they are fighting for equality of education. People don’t pay much attention to the act words, they just heard what the guy told them and signed. However, this I-1000 is a preferential act, which has to consider sex, ethnicity, color, race or national origin and so on. 
The government was so eager to get this act passed after the AA was failed. Actually if you look at the words they used in I-1000, it’s the same meaning as AA.

Education is a promising land. Kids was born to be educated that working hard for a better future. However, with this I-1000, even if your kid got perfect SAT score, he or she might not be able to be admitted by good college like UW. 
What’s more more important, if you consider race when decided to do everything, it’s races. I cannot believe this historic backwards. 
My dearest neighbors, please pay attention to this act and do your rights right. Thanks!

回帖1：

Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·3h ago

Lori Jordan, I think what Rebecca is trying to say is that this initiative is racist since it takes into consideration things like skin color. I remember a prominent civil rights leader that said we shouldn't judge people based on the color of their skin, but rather on the content of their character.

Yes slavery was a thing. But it's not anymore. My ancestors had nothing to do with slavery. Why should I pay for something that I or my family had no part in? Plus if you want reparations, then you have to find out who fought to free the slaves. Be it it white or black. Obviously there were plenty of people that didn't agree with slavery and didn't own slaves that were white. And some died to be able to free the slaves. Do their descendents get any kind of reperations?

What if you are black and just moved to America this decade or in the last 50 years, do you also get benefits for just having your skin color the same as most of the slaves back when slavery was legal? Are you not judging people based on their skin color? Does it matter who is black or white or yellow in this time period?

This reminds me of the law that people should have a valid ID to vote. White people were basically saying that black people don't know where the dol is or they don't have access to the internet or that they are too poor to get an ID. But if you asked black people what they thought of it, they said they knew where the dmv is and they already have an ID.

Bottom line is that we need to stop judging based on skin color. And let the people vote. Washington state already voted against affermitive action. It's discrimination.

But hey, I'm just a foreigner, what do I know. I only came to America to escape the clasp of communism. Maybe I would feel differently if my family used to own slaves. Did your family own slaves before Lori Jordan?

回帖2：

Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·2h ago

https://www.americamagazine.org/arts-culture/2018/11/28/my-ancestor-owned-41-slaves-what-do-i-owe-their-descendants

Interesting article. I agree with some, but not all. It makes more sense to me if your ancestors had slaves, then you can do something to help out the descendents of those slaves. But why does it need to be national? Is it fair to have to pay for something your ancestors didn't do? Why do I have to pay for your guilt?

Also the article made a good point of it should be the people affected from slavery to decide what is enough.

But as a whole I'm still not convinced that anyone alive today is responsible for their ancestors. Just like the slaves didn't have a choice to be enslaved, neither do the people born into families that used to own slaves. But if they really feel that guilty about it, they can give what they think is fair themselves and not force the rest of us that had no part in it now and not even our ancestors.

I mean would it be fair for me to receive some kind of benefit just because we were oppressed when we lived in a communist country? And also my children and my children's children? There was lots of land taken by the government and some haven't even gotten theirs back yet.

回帖3：
Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·2h ago

Ginger Switzer, who are the underprivileged? What is the qualification? Can a white person be underprivileged if he was born in poverty?

I am curious what measure do you use for underprivileged. Is it just skin color? Or sexual orientation? Or are there other factors?

回帖4：
Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·1h ago

Daniel studer. So AA in your view has nothing to do with reparations?

Also is it not racist to think that black people as a whole need help to to just be equal to whites? Are you not insinuating that whites are more successful and so they don't need help? Also how do you explain poor white people? If they are so privileged why are they poor?

Are you racist and feel guilty about it? AA is not equality. It is treating people differently due to color of skin. How is that not racist? Why does color of skin matter so much? What did Dr. Martin Luther King fight for? What was his message? 

AA is racist. Period. And it should matter if you and your family had nothing to do with slavery. 

Oh and by the way. Not just black people are oppressed. And you can be racist against white people too. 

You really think it's fair to have one white student that has better grades than a black student not get admitted into college because the college has to accept a certain number of black students? Where is the equality? That is blantently racist. That is literally judging people based on their skin and not based on their character and qualifications. 

I don't understand how such a racist law is supposed to eliminated racism.

回帖5：
Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·1h ago

Also did you know white people were enslaved too? Do they get some kind of reparations?

Even if it is as you say. White people have a privelege because there are still a lot of racist people that will only give opportunities to other white people and not black people. There are already laws against that and people can sue because of it. And on top of that, again if I don't discriminate, why do I have to pay for other people's small mindedness? I don't treat people differently because of their skin color. Why should a school? Why should anyone?

回帖6：
Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·41m ago

Sorry if I sound too defensive. I'm just tired of being pooled together with racist people just because of my skin color.

What did I do that makes it OK to for anyone to judge me based on my skin color? 

I have black employees and white employees. I pay them based on their experience, their quality of work and how difficult the work is. If I would pay them or hire them based on their skin color that would, first of all be illigal, and second of all, how would that tell me if they are a good worker or not? It would be stupid of me to hire a less qualified white person over a more qualified black person. It just doesn't make sense. Not good business sense and just dumb to do. You would be hurting your business and yourself more. 

I even still keep touch with my past employees and have the good ones come back to work for me when I have job openings. Both black and white have come back when there was a need and it worked out for them too. I think if I was racist they would not come back and for sure wouldn't recommend their friends and family to work for me.

So please stop implying that I am racist because of my skin color.

回帖7：
Dan Puravet, E Lk Hills/Evergreen Park·21m ago

One last thing. My dad still gets discriminated against and he is white. I wonder why his white privilege doesn't always work. People will discriminate against him because of his accent. Will AA help people stop discriminating against him?

So yes there is still hate and racism in this world. But you can't combat racism with more racism.

Please look at yourself first and find out what you can do to change if you are racist. Don't make your guilt dictate what others should do. And the best thing to do is stop being racist. Realize that we are all equal human beings. No one life is worth more or less. If all of us look at ourselves first and fix the problem with each individual, then that's how you get rid of racism and inequality.